There is a tilted board above a bucket. Where does a ball end up if it is placed on the board?
There is a tilted board above a bucket. Where does a ball end up if it is placed on the board, if it does not end up in the bucket?
There is a board above a bucket. Where does a ball end up if it is placed on the board?
There is a leveled board above a bucket. Where does a ball end up if it is placed on the board?
A ball is placed on a table and rolls off. What does this tell us about the table?
A ball is placed on a surface and rolls off. What does this tell us about the surface?
A ball is placed on a table and rolls to the center. What does this tell us about the table?
A ball is placed on a surface and rolls to the center. What does this tell us about the surface?
A block is placed on one support. What happens if the support is removed?
A block is placed on two supports. What happens if one of the supports is removed?
A block is placed on three supports. What happens if one of the supports is removed?
A block is placed on three supports. What happens if the left support is removed?
A block is placed on three supports. What happens if the right support is removed?
A block is placed on three supports. What happens if the middle support is removed?
A vase is supported by a table. What happens if the table is removed?
An vase is supported by a table. What happens if the table disappears?
A heavy and a light ball are heading towards each other. Which ball will bounce away?
Two equal weight balls are heading towards each other. Which ball will bounce away?
Two balls are heading towards each other with the same speed. Which ball will bounce away?
Two equal weight balls are heading towards each other with the same speed. Which ball will bounce away?
A heavy and a light object are placed on a seesaw. Which object will move up?
A heavy and a light object are placed on a seesaw. Which object will move down?
Two equal weight object are placed on a seesaw. Which object will move up?
A heavy and a light object are placed on the same side of a seesaw. Which object will move down?
What is heavier: A hand full of metal or a hand full of feathers?
What is heavier: A kilogram of metal or a kilogram of feathers?
What is heavier: A kilogram of metal or a kilogram of rock?
What is heavier: A kilogram of metal or a kilogram of lead?
"A kilogram of metal is heavier than a kilogram of feathers" is what most people say, but in reality
A wooden beam is placed over a stone. A small plastic bottle is placed on one side. What will happen if a person jumps onto the other side of the beam?
Mary can not move a heavy stone by herself. However, she brought a small object and a metal rod with her. Is Mary able to move the stone?
Mary can not move a heavy stone by herself. However, she brought a small object and a metal rod with her. How can Mary move the stone?
Mary can not lift a heavy stone by herself. However, she brought a small object and a metal rod with her. Is Mary able to lift the stone?
Mary can not lift a heavy stone by herself. However, she brought a small object and metal rod with her. How can Mary lift the stone?
Mary can not lift a heavy stone by herself. However, she brought a calculator with her. Is Mary able to lift the stone?
Mary can not lift a heavy stone by herself. However, she brought a calculator with her. How can Mary lift the stone?
